One of the most useful applications of chain promises is to use
Web API data to dynamically update the UI of an app.
Dynamically updating the UI of an app means creating or changing
DOM elements based on data received in real time from the app or from an API.
In the case of our Animal Web API example,
this feature could be that,
when the user submits their information,
instead of just seeing the data in the console,
we could actually display that data on the web page itself.
So the three steps to dynamically updating a UI are to first,
create a selector for the element you want to update.
This would be an HTML element using an ID or class,
and then the second is to identify the data that you want to update that element with.
Then of course third is just to appropriately set that data to that element.
Let's see what this would look like in a real coding situation.